Move the mouse cursor to the beginning of the blank page and press the DELETE key as often as needed until the text is in the desired spot.
In order to configure your router, try to access the internal page of the router. This varies from router to router. Consult the manual of your device for the address, username and password.
If your disc is not recognized, try changing the USB port.
Check the password you need to access your wireless network; it should be under your router, if the password has not been changed.
Please check if you have access to the email in your Webmail and then confirm the settings of your email client.
Follow the instructions listed on this page: http://fotos.sapo.pt/sapoptmail/fotos/?uid=wp6t4AZGbkMVELZvItYK#grande
Activate your wireless on your mobile phone and connect to your desired WiFi network using the correct password.
Select the emails and mark them as "Not Spam".
Clean your system by going to Start > Run and typing in "CleanMgr"[ CleanMgr is a program that's used to identify unnecessary files from areas such as your web browser cache, browsing history, etc and deletes them]. If you have Windows 8, type the same command in the search area. Follow the instructions.
Turn on the PS3 from the network settings menu: "Settings "> "Network Settings ".
Contact your internet provider and report your problem.
Double-click on your anti-virus icon which is shown on the lower right corner of your Desktop. The antivirus panel will show you if there are any viruses
It could be a virus. Perform a scan with your antivirus software.
Try and install this PDF writer http://www.cutepdf.com/products/cutepdf/writer.asp.
Check if your PC can detect a wireless network. Otherwise, the wireless card may be disabled. Sometimes, computers have a physical button or switch that can turn the wireless network card on and off.
Go to System Tools> System Restore and follow the instructions.
Check if Windows Update is active.
Check if the phone is connected to the network.
Try plugging it into another outlet.
The original WiFi network password is located under the router provided by your ISP. [Internet service provider]
Confirm your username and password. If the problem persists, , click on "I can't remember my username or password" and follow the instructions.
This symbol tells you that you are not connected to a network. If you are connected by cable, check the cable.If you are connecting by WiFi, make sure your wireless router is switched on and that your wireless network card is enabled.
Select the files to remove and choose Delete or press the Del key on the keyboard.
Make sure you are properly connected to your router.
Connect your computer directly to the wireless router using network cables. If you can, access the internal wireless router settings page and make sure the wireless signal is turned on. Make sure the wireless is turned on. If your router has a wizard, you should run it.
Try resetting the router.
The CD that comes with your device contains drivers for installation. Alternatively you can download them from the manufacturer's website.
Remove the wireless network and try reconnecting again using valid credentials.
Make sure your repeater is synchronised with your router and that the access key is correct.
Try connecting the computer to another monitor, or in the case of a laptop, to an external monitor. If it works, you have a problem with your monitor.
Turn on the PS3 and go to Settings> Network Settings, select the network and enter your credentials.
Access the internal settings page of the router and verify that the settings enable NAT port forwarding.
Unplug the router from the mains and reconnect after 30 seconds.
Try restarting the router.
This is not possible at the moment.
Check if you can detect your wireless network.
Check if the Wi-Fi button on your laptop is active. If it is, check if it detect your wireless network.
Check the key which is under the router.
This may be due to low bandwidth, or a slow computer. Try to clean the computer.
Try installing the drivers from the CD that came with the printer. If you do not have the CD, you can go to the manufacturer's website to obtain the drivers needed.
Go to the Java website, download and install the latest version.
Try restarting the computer.
Go into the internal settings page of the router, and modify the password
Perform an update of your antivirus and then run a scan.
Perform a system restore and a virus scan.
Check the wireless network password on the internal settings page of the router.
It is not mandatory to provide your mobile phone number to Facebook.
Go to the Java website, download the program and then install it.
Check if there is no key stuck on the keyboard.
Check if the printer is properly connected to the network.
You can do it here: http://www.speedtest.net/pt/.
To change your password, go to https://id.sapo.pt (change password) go to Email Login > select again Change Password
You need to access the settings of youe email client and check that the outgoing server is correct.
Try to get into Safe Mode, as the computer is booting press the F8 key repeatedly. Then you have to perform a system restore.
Restart your computer and try again. If the problem persists, try to reinstall the software.
There is probably a problem with the network cable. Test this by using another cable.
Install the updates for Wow.
Use the same login credentials you use for the PT client Area.
An ADB router does not have this function.
Press the Ctrl Shift Delete keys simultaneously and select Clear Cache. Then press Cclear.
You will have to wait for the block to expire.
You need to copy the Hotmail link and create a Shortcut on the desktop.
Both anti-virus programs are good. Just choose what best fits your needs and remove the other one.
Click the right mouse button and then "Print".
Make sure that the Wi-Fi option on your phone is enabled.
Check the key under your router.
Access the internal page of the router. Consult the IP, username and passwords in the device's manual and then look on the router menus for the SSID option.
On the bottom right corner of your screen you will see a symbol that looks like a loudspeaker. Check that it is at 100%.
Recover the MyZon login access data.
Alt>View> Toolbars> Favorites Bar.
Go to Tools > Account and make a test transmission. If it fails check with your email provider the credentials of the email client.
Synchronize both modem and router by unplugging them both from the outlet and then reconnecting them after 30 seconds.
Go to "Settings>" "Open a specific page or set of pages" and put the address of the page you want as your homepage.
Restart the device.
Just drag the toolbar to where you want it to be.
Move the virus to quarantine and perform a full scan of the computer.
Install VLC from this website: http://www.videolan.org/vlc/.
Press the button you use to turn on your computer.
Connect the modem to the WAN port of the router, then unplug both devices from the outlet and turn them both on again.
You need to access the router's internal settings web page (usually 192.168.1.1) and enable uPnP.
Check if you can see your wireless network.
If the disc has crashed you cannot access the operating system. The only way to do this is to get a CD with the live operating system that does not require disc installation. You will then need to download the software from this website http://www.ubuntu.com/download/desktop on another PC, burn it to the CD, and insert it in the damaged PC.
Please reset the router. Do this by pressing the Reset pin for 30 seconds, then disconnect the device from the outlet and reconnect it.
Configure your new password in all email clients.
Install an email client such as Thunderbird.
Unplug the router from the outlet for 2 minutes. If the problem persists you may need to perform a reset.
Synchronize both devices by turning them off. Turn on your modem and wait until all modem lights are illuminated then plug your router in to the outlet.
Check the VGA cable that connects the monitor to the computer.
Make sure you are connected to your network.
Confirm that you are connected to the router by cable. Read the user's manual to find out the address of the router page. Then look for the menu that is more appropriate for the option you want.
See if you have a scanner or multifunction printer connected to and installed on your computer.
You will need to access the internal settings pages of the router, through your browser. This is usually the address (192.168.1.1). Change the parameters SSID, Channel, and Security.
Go to the page of the provider where you want to create the email account and register.
You must renew the license or acquire a new one.
This may be a problem with the network card drivers. Try reinstalling the drivers for the network card.
Uninstall programs you do not need and perform a disk cleanup.
To write the security key, click the field that is below the pin.
Try to check if the wireless symbol is visible on the screen of your mobile phone.
Try opening another browser such as Firefox, Chrome or IE to see if this problem persists.
In Outlook, go to Tools> Accounts and enter the data referring to your email account
